---
id: technical-questions
title: Technical Questions
sidebar_label: Technical Questions
sidebar_position: 11
---

# Frequently Asked Security Questions

## What are the infrastructure certifications?

See [AWS ISO Certifications](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/iso-certified/).

## Are environmental conditions monitored and regulated?

See [AWS Data Center Environmental Layer](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-center/environmental-layer/).

## Are system and security patches applied to workstations on a regular basis?

Yes, all workstations have automatic system updates. Workstations are regularly monitored.

## Do your developers undergo training to ensure knowledge of security standards and industry best practices?

Yes, we conduct annual workshops where we review security issues at both the application and network level.

## Do you have a policy for managing access to the program source code?

Access to the source code is limited to developers and code administrators only. Each developer has access only to the repository they are working on. Source code is managed in private GIT repositories with appropriate security restrictions.

## Do you have procedures in place to ensure that only authorized individuals have access to the program source code?

Only the source code administrator has the capability to add/remove permissions on repositories. In the "off-boarding" process, access to the repositories is removed.

## Are all employees required to undergo incident and breach response training?

As part of the on-boarding process, a cybersecurity officer meets with the new employee and they review the content related to security and data processing.

## What are your network security policies for your office locations?

In order to ensure a strong, secure foundation, Pyplan Cloud shares security responsibilities with an industry-leading cloud infrastructure vendor and valued partner. All data is stored using AWS services, in private networks that can only be accessed through the application.

The security policies in our offices are as follows:

- Access to the local network is through MAC address registration.
- The local network is segmented in 3 sub-networks (not accessible to each other):
  - Main network
  - Secondary network
  - Guest network
- Access administration is performed by qualified personnel, with clear and defined responsibilities.

## Do you require all workstations to have antivirus/anti-malware software installed?

We use **McAfee** with automatic updates.

## Do you have an Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System in place?

We use **Amazon GuardDuty** for this purpose.

## Do you have a mobile device policy?

In order to ensure a strong, secure foundation, all data is stored using AWS services in private networks that can only be accessed through the application. Since the data is stored only using AWS services, the mobile phone usage policies are:

- Prior to initial use on the network or related infrastructure, all personally owned mobile devices must be registered with IT.
- Utilize a device lock with authentication (such as a fingerprint or strong password) on each participating device. Refer to the password policy for additional information.
- Mobile users must not use unencrypted connections to WiFi access points; even encrypted public WiFi access should only be used if absolutely necessary.
- Employees agree to never disclose their passwords to anyone, particularly to family members if business work is conducted from home.
- Exercise reasonable physical security measures. It is the end user's responsibility to keep their equipment safe and secure.
- A device's firmware/operating system must be up-to-date in order to prevent vulnerabilities.
- Any non-corporate computers used to synchronize with the equipment will have installed anti-virus and anti-malware software deemed necessary by IT Department. Anti-virus signature files must be up to date on any additional client machines.

## Do you require employees to use VPNs when accessing the network from outside of the office?

Infrastructure administrator users need to use **VPN + MFA + IP Filtering** to access the network where the infrastructure is located (AWS). Application end users only access via web browser using secure protocols (TLS).

## Do you have hardening controls in place?

Controls performed for hardening are:

- **Default passwords**: The passwords generated by default for all services/applications must be changed following the password policy.
- **Hardcoded passwords and other credentials stored in plain text**: These are detected and remediated.
- **Lack, or deficiency, of privileged access controls**: Addressed via least-privilege policy.
- **Unencrypted, or inadequately encrypted, network traffic or data at rest**: All data is encrypted in transit and at rest.

## Data Segregation

Pyplan is deployed on Kubernetes. When a user logs into Pyplan, a dedicated user pod is created and that pod only has access to the disk drive assigned to the user's company.

## Do you have a change management process?

Change management is the process established to understand and minimize risks while making changes. The main objective is to ensure that changes are executed with as much control and predictability as possible, while minimally affecting the service being changed.

The change process occurs in three steps:

### Request

The beginning of the change cycle of an application is initiated with a formal request for service through a form by the customer areas. From this request, the Systems area performs an analysis and, if necessary, initiates the change of the application.

### Execution

The execution of the change may involve several items such as systems, infrastructure, processes, etc., involving the following steps:

- Development
- Testing
- Homologation

### Preparation

After the approval of the change by the requester, the process of implementing the change begins. This process includes the following activities:

- Plan the implementation of the change
- Schedule the change (according to the change window of each application)
- Notify those involved (areas involved, customers, etc.)

### Implementation

After the approval of the change, the person responsible for the implementation must perform the necessary procedures to ensure that the planned steps are carried out. If the change is successfully implemented, notify involved parties and close the process. If the change was not successfully executed, trigger the rollback plan.
